docs(resources): Improve third party login (#13606)
medusajs/medusa: www/apps/resources/app/storefront-development/customers/third-party-login/page.mdx

2. Decode the token to check if it has an `actor_id` property.
  - If the property exists, the customer is already registered. The authentication token can be used for subsequent authenticated requests.
  - If the property doesn't exist, this is the first time the customer is authenticating with the third-party service. So:

>       1. Create a customer using the relevant information from `user_metadata` (in this case the `email` field)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      1. Create a customer. The `user_metadata` in the decoded token will hold the customer's information in the third-party provider, such as their `email`. You can use this value as the customer's email in Medusa.
```

Author: @shahednasser agreed, updated
